ADT checker phase added, plus fixed a few things in the interpreter d… (#36)
Zilliqa/scilla-docs: docs/source/interface.rst

Interpreter Interface
=========================

The Scilla interpreter provides a calling interface that enables users
to invoke transitions with specified inputs and obtain
outputs. Execution of a transition with supplied inputs will result in a

> set of outputs, and a change in the smart contract mutable state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set of outputs. The output reflects changes (if any) in the smart contract mutable state, in addition to other information.
```

Calling Interface
###################

A transition defined in a contract can be called either by the

> issuance of a transaction, or by message calls from another

Reviewer: Is "issuance" the most appropriate word here? Maybe just "can be called either because of a transaction, or by ..." is sufficient.
